docs/index.md, before:

![CoCoA Logo](fig/cocoa_640_320.png)

This is the <img src="fig/UK.png" height="14px" alt="UK flag" /> version of the *Readme*. You can read the <a href="README.FR.md"><img src="fig/FR.png" height="14px" alt="FR flag" /> version</a>.

April/October 2020

* Tristan Beau - [UFR de Physique](https://physique.u-paris.fr/) - [Université de Paris](http://u-paris.fr) - [LPNHE laboratory](http://lpnhe.in2p3.fr/)
* Julien Browaeys - [UFR de Physique](https://physique.u-paris.fr/) - [Université de Paris](http://u-paris.fr) - [MSC laboratory](http://www.msc.univ-paris-diderot.fr/)
* Olivier Dadoun - [CNRS](http://cnrs.fr)/[IN2P3](http://www.in2p3.fr) - [LPNHE laboratory](http://lpnhe.in2p3.fr/)

The CoCoA project (Covid Collaborative Analysis) is a Python™ framework which provides a simplified and unified access to various Covid related databases.
It's designed to offer to many people (non-specialist general public, school pupils, students, science journalists, but also scientists who are not specialists in  computing and data access methods) a simple and practical tool for studying data : raw data access, time series plots, maps.
Then, it's easy to make simple or more complex analysis.
Database access difficulties, method unification, geo-localisation of data, are processed transparently.

Thus, in only few lines of code, with almost no Python™ knowledge, one can produce a plot or a map.
For example, after a [CoCoA install](https://github.com/tjbtjbtjb/CoCoA/wiki/FR:Install) :

```
import cocoa.cocoa as cc
cc.plot(where=['France','Italy'],which='confirmed',what='Cumul')
cc.map(where=['European Union','United kingdom'])
```

produce on the one hand a temporal serie plot of Covid confirmed cases for two countries (France and Italy as an example), or the deaths map with the European Union and United Kingdom.

<img src="fig/cocoa_plot_example.png" height="180px"/> <img src="fig/cocoa_map_example.png" height="180px" />

CoCoA is made to work :
- locally (local install of Python™, for example with [`Spyder`](https://www.spyder-ide.org/) )
- on `Jupyter` platform, either closed or opened such as [`Google Colab`](https://colab.research.google.com/)
- through a `docker`, using for example [`mybinder`](https://mybinder.org/).

The full documentation is available on [the Wiki](https://github.com/tjbtjbtjb/CoCoA/wiki/Home), in particular :
- [Install](https://github.com/tjbtjbtjb/CoCoA/wiki/Install)
- [Basic usage](https://github.com/tjbtjbtjb/CoCoA/wiki/Basics)
- [Advanced usage](https://github.com/tjbtjbtjb/CoCoA/wiki/AdvancedUsage)
- [Localisation management](https://github.com/tjbtjbtjb/CoCoA/wiki/Geo)

Commit message:

help notebooks and markdown files for website

docs/index.md, after:

![CoCoA Logo](fig/cocoa_640_320.png)
# CoCoA release 1.0

April/November 2020

* Tristan Beau - [UFR de Physique](https://physique.u-paris.fr/) - [Université de Paris](http://u-paris.fr) - [LPNHE laboratory](http://lpnhe.in2p3.fr/)
* Julien Browaeys - [UFR de Physique](https://physique.u-paris.fr/) - [Université de Paris](http://u-paris.fr) - [MSC laboratory](http://www.msc.univ-paris-diderot.fr/)
* Olivier Dadoun - [CNRS](http://cnrs.fr)/[IN2P3](http://www.in2p3.fr) - [LPNHE laboratory](http://lpnhe.in2p3.fr/)

The CoCoA project (Covid Collaborative Analysis) is a Python™ framework which provides a simplified and unified access to various Covid related databases.
It's designed to offer to many people (non-specialist general public, school pupils, students, science journalists, but also scientists who are not specialists in  computing and data access methods) a simple and practical tool for studying data : raw data access, time series plots, maps.
Then, it's easy to make simple or more complex analysis.
Database access difficulties, method unification, geo-localisation of data, are processed transparently.

Thus, in only few lines of code, with almost no Python™ knowledge, one can produce a plot or a map.
For example, after a [CoCoA install](https://github.com/tjbtjbtjb/CoCoA/wiki/Install) :

```python
import cocoa.cocoa as cc
cc.plot(where=['France','Italy'],which='confirmed',what='Cumul')
cc.map(where=['European Union','United kingdom'])
```

produce on the one hand a temporal serie plot of Covid confirmed cases for two countries (France and Italy as an example), or the deaths map with the European Union and United Kingdom.

<img src="fig/cocoa_plot_example.png" height="180px"/> <img src="fig/cocoa_map_example.png" height="180px" />

CoCoA is made to work :
- locally (local install of Python™, for example with [`Spyder`](https://www.spyder-ide.org/) )
- on `Jupyter` platform, either closed or opened such as [`Google Colab`](https://colab.research.google.com/)
- through a `docker`, using for example [`mybinder`](https://mybinder.org/).

The full documentation is available on [the Wiki](https://github.com/tjbtjbtjb/CoCoA/wiki/Home).

The reference library is available using the `help` of function (see `help_` [notebook files](https://github.com/tjbtjbtjb/CoCoA/tree/master/notebooks)) or on related pages : 
- [`cocoa` frontend](http://tjbtjbtjb.github.com/CoCoA/help_cocoa)
- [`covid19` databases access](http://tjbtjbtjb.github.com/CoCoA/help_covid19)
- [`display` tools of CoCoA](http://tjbtjbtjb.github.com/CoCoA/display)
- [`geo` tools for country name management](http://tjbtjbtjb.github.com/CoCoA/help_geo)
- [`error` tools](http://tjbtjbtjb.github.com/CoCoA/help_error)
- [`tools` with usefull function for the project](http://tjbtjbtjb.github.com/CoCoA/help_tools)
